[keyvault] troubleshooting and migration guide (#23340)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/security/keyvault/azcertificates/MIGRATION.md

> # Guide to migrate from `keyvault` and to `azcertificates`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Guide to migrate from `keyvault` to `azcertificates`
```

This guide is intended to assist in the migration to the `azcertificates` module from the deprecated `keyvault` module. `azcertificates` allows users to create and manage [certificates][certificates] with Azure Key Vault.

## General changes

In the past, Azure Key Vault operations were all contained in a single package. For Go, this was `github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/services/keyvault/<version>/keyvault`. 

> The current strategy is to break up the Key Vault into separate modules by functionality. Now there is a specific module for keys, secrets, and certificates. This guide focuses on migrating certificate operations to use the new `azcertificates` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new SDK divides the Key Vault API into separate modules for keys, secrets, and certificates. This guide focuses on migrating certificate operations to use the new `azcertificates` module.
```

Besides, module name changes. There are a number of name differences for methods and variables. All new modules also authenticate using our [azidentity] module.

## Code examples

> ### `keyvault` create certificate

Reviewer: We should point out the before/after element here i.e., we have an example using the old SDK followed by one using the new SDK

    createParams := keyvault.CertificateCreateParameters{
        CertificatePolicy: &keyvault.CertificatePolicy{
            IssuerParameters:          &keyvault.IssuerParameters{Name: &issuerName},
            X509CertificateProperties: &keyvault.X509CertificateProperties{Subject: &subject},
        }
    }
    resp, err := basicClient.CreateCertificate(context.TODO(), vaultURL, "<cert name>", createParams)
    if err != nil {
        fmt.Printf("unable to add/update certificate: %v\n", err)
        os.Exit(1)
    }
    fmt.Println("added/updated: " + *resp.ID)
}
```

### `keyvault` create certificate
```go
import (
    "context"
	"fmt"

	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azcore/to"
	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/azidentity"
	"github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/sdk/security/keyvault/azcertificates"
)

func main() {
    vaultURL := "https://<TODO: your vault name>.vault.azure.net"
	cred, err := azidentity.NewDefaultAzureCredential(nil)
	if err != nil {
		// TODO: handle error
	}
	
	client, err := azcertificates.NewClient(vaultURL, cred, nil)
	if err != nil {
		// TODO: handle error
	}

	createParams := azcertificates.CreateCertificateParameters{

> 		// this policy is suitable for a self-signed certificate

Reviewer: Just my opinion, but I'd drop these comments. Their existence implies there's something new or interesting here, but actually they describe Key Vault behavior that doesn't change when an application migrates to the new SDK.
```suggestion
```

# Guide to migrate from `keyvault` to `azcertificates`

This guide is intended to assist in the migration to the `azcertificates` module from the deprecated `keyvault` module. `azcertificates` allows users to create and manage [certificates][certificates] with Azure Key Vault.

## General changes

In the past, Azure Key Vault operations were all contained in a single package. For Go, this was `github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/services/keyvault/<version>/keyvault`. 

The new SDK divides the Key Vault API into separate modules for keys, secrets, and certificates. This guide focuses on migrating certificate operations to use the new `azcertificates` module.

> Besides, module name changes. There are a number of name differences for methods and variables. All new modules also authenticate using our [azidentity] module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other changes besides the module name. For example, some type and method names are different, and all new modules also authenticate using our [azidentity] module.
```

    "fmt"
    "os"

    "github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/profiles/latest/keyvault/keyvault"
    kvauth "github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/services/keyvault/auth"
)

func main() {
    vaultURL := "https://<TODO: your vault name>.vault.azure.net"
    authorizer, err := kvauth.NewAuthorizerFromEnvironment()
    if err != nil {
        fmt.Printf("unable to create vault authorizer: %v\n", err)
        os.Exit(1)
    }

    basicClient := keyvault.New()
    basicClient.Authorizer = authorizer

    fmt.Println("\ncreating certificate in keyvault:")
    issuerName := "self"
    subject := "CN=DefaultPolicy"
    createParams := keyvault.CertificateCreateParameters{
        CertificatePolicy: &keyvault.CertificatePolicy{
            IssuerParameters:          &keyvault.IssuerParameters{Name: &issuerName},
            X509CertificateProperties: &keyvault.X509CertificateProperties{Subject: &subject},
        }
    }
    resp, err := basicClient.CreateCertificate(context.TODO(), vaultURL, "<cert name>", createParams)
    if err != nil {
        fmt.Printf("unable to add/update certificate: %v\n", err)
        os.Exit(1)
    }
    fmt.Println("added/updated: " + *resp.ID)
}
```

> ### `keyvault` create certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `azcertificates` create certificate
```
